# Project proposal for COMP285 Object-Oriented Programming

Minesweeper
* The objective of this project is to develop a game similar to the classic Minesweeper game. Minesweeper is a game played on a square grid with hidden “mines” that, when clicked, cause the player to lose the game. Minesweeper, while being simple to understand and easily accessible for the end-user, has enough depth to warrant an exploratory project that explores the level-generation and user-interface.
* The Minesweeper level consists of a blank grid of tiles. The user first clicks on any space of the board to reveal a section of tiles. Next the user clicks on a covered tile and if the tile is blank the game continues. The user keeps revealing tiles until a mine is uncovered or until all empty tiles have been revealed. When a user reveals a tile near a mine, a number is printed on the revealed tile indicating the number of mines next to or near the tile.
* The user-interface will consist of a standard window with options for the size of the grid, a timer, the number of mines, and a reset button. There will be options for the standard difficulty modes: 9-by-9 with 10 mines, 16-by-16 with 40 mines, and 16-by-30 with 99 mines. 
* There will also be extra features that are not found in the stand such as a high-score feature to track the user’s best times on different difficulty settings and pause button for beginner mode. Different themes can also be included to change the colors and level generation settings (example: instead of randomly dispersing the mines throughout the grid, spread them out in a parabolic arc). Other level generation features could be custom seeds for level generation, custom level sizes, mine amounts, and a time limit. These features will be enabled through the user interface and could be saved to a configuration file.
